Update rdm chapter (#4556)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/afterword/glossary.md

: This is a collection of all digital parts of a research project including data, code, texts (protocols, reports, questionnaires, metadata). The collection is created in such a way that reproducing all results is straight forward.

research data management

> : *Acronym: RDM*. Storage, access and preservation of data created or collected in the course of research. Research data management practices cover the entire lifecycle of the data, from planning the investigation to conducting it, and from backing up data as it is created and used to long term preservation of data deliverables after the research investigation has concluded. Source: [CODATA](https://terms.codata.org/rdmt/research-data-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Storage, access and preservation of data created or collected in the course of research.
  {abbr}`RDM (research data management)` practices cover the entire lifecycle of the data, from planning the investigation to conducting it, and from backing up data as it is created and used to long term preservation of data deliverables after the research investigation has concluded.
  This definition is reproduced from [CODATA](https://terms.codata.org/rdmt/research-data-management).
```
